adding clarification on quick start docs (#10722)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _getting-started/quickstart.md

    ```
    {% include copy.html %}

> 1. Set up a custom admin password using `.env` file in the same directory as docker-compose.yml with the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, create a custom admin password. Create (or edit) a `.env` file in the same directory as your `docker-compose.yml`. This file stores environment variables that Docker Compose automatically reads when starting the containers. Add the following line to define the admin password:
```
